ok this is the tutorial for the double
infinity and you know II well I guess
you don't need to know but you need to
know p infinity and the double thing
never mind you know about being famous
so um I was really excited on it
extended don't care okay this is for the
w thing to just watch our other infinity
movies not videos that happens and the
habit of the school and so I guess hit
the guy next year so this is the double
infant but I'm s
double thing so what you need to do is
normal infinity down pass it like this
all right and then instead of going back
like this you know you go down and then
you hinge it like that and then you pass
it tip right here to your in between
these fingers so this spin right here
and move it up and then you spin it
again and then you pass it to this ones
and then you spin it again and you walk
the dog and then you catch it so this
one took a while but here it is in fast
motion or in regular speed and here out
so slow yeah so yeah so infinity have
fun